CASMINST-4608 / CASMINST-4838 / CASMHMS-5598 / CASMHMS-5556 for v1.2 (#2149)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/firmware/FAS_Admin_Procedures.md

---

## Warning for Non-Compute Nodes (NCNs)

> NCNs and their BMCs should be locked with the HSM locking API to ensure they are not unintentionally updated by FAS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCNs and their BMCs must be locked with the HSM locking API to ensure they are not unintentionally updated by FAS.
```

Research [Lock and Unlock Management Nodes](../hardware_state_manager/Lock_and_Unlock_Management_Nodes.md) for more information.
Failure to lock the NCNs could result in unintentional update of the NCNs if FAS is not used correctly; this will lead to system instability problems.

> **NOTE**: Any node which is locked will remain in the state `inProgress` with the `stateHelper` message of `"failed to lock"` until the action times out, or the lock is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Any node that is locked remains in the state `inProgress` with the `stateHelper` message of `"failed to lock"` until the action times out, or the lock is released.
```

> These nodes will report as `failed` with the `stateHelper` message of `"time expired; could not complete update"` if action times out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the action is timed out, these nodes report as `failed` with the `stateHelper` message of `"time expired; could not complete update"`.
```

---

## Override an Image for an Update

If you wish to update to a firmware image other than the latest image found by FAS, you can override the image for the update.

> This procedure would also be useful if an update fails because of `"No Image available"`, which is caused by FAS unable to match the data on the node to find an image in the image list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is also useful if an update fails because of `"No Image available"`, which happens when FAS is unable to match the data on the node to an image in the image list.
```

> > **WARNING:** Make sure to select the correct image as FAS will force a flash of the device -- using incorrect firmware may make it inoperable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **WARNING:** Make sure to select the correct image because FAS will force a flash of the device -- using incorrect firmware may make it inoperable.
```

      ```bash

>       ncn# cray fas actions status list {actionID}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      ncn# cray fas actions status list {actionID} --format toml
```

      ```

>       ```toml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Example output:

      ```toml
```

       ```bash
       ncn# cray fas actions describe {actionID} --format json
       ```

>        ```json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Example output:

       ```json
```

   ```bash
   ncn# cray fas operations describe {operationID} --format json
   ```

>    ```json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Example output:

   ```json
```

    This will return an ID which will be used to check the status of the run.

    ```toml
    loaderRunID = "7b0ce40f-cd6d-4ff0-9b71-0f3c9686f5ce"
    ```

    > **`NOTE`** Depending on how many files are in Nexus and how large those files are, the loader may take several minutes to complete.

3. Check the results of the loader run.

    ```bash
    ncn# cray fas loader describe {loaderRunID} --format json
    ```

    > **`NOTE`** `{loadRunID}` is the ID from step #2 above -- in that case `7b0ce40f-cd6d-4ff0-9b71-0f3c9686f5ce`.
    Use the `--format json` to make it easier to read.

>     ```json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Example output:

    ```json
```

    ncn# cray fas loader describe {loaderRunID} --format json
    ```

    > **`NOTE`** `{loadRunID}` is the ID from step #2 above -- in that case `7b0ce40f-cd6d-4ff0-9b71-0f3c9686f5ce`.
    Use the `--format json` to make it easier to read.

>     ```json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Example output:

    ```json
```
